.TH "IZULU" "1" "December 02, 2009" "Malte Paskuda" ""
.SH "NAME"
izulu
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
Set the wallpaper according to the weather

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
.B izulu
command.
.PP 
\fBizulu\fP is a tool to change the wallpaper according to the weather. Therefore it reads the Weather API of Yahoo.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 
.B \-c "city"
Set the city with the relevant weather, e.g Berlin.
.TP 
.BI \-d
Enable daemon\-mode, check the weather every 60 minutes.
.TP 
.B \-i "interval"
Specify a custom check\-interval when in daemon\-mode, e.g. 900 (seconds).
.TP 
.BI \-n
Activate night\-mode, different images will be used at night.
.TP 
.BI \-p
Show the forecast in small preview\-icons.
.TP 
.BI \-r
Choose the wallpaper randomly, only works when the directory is named in the config.
.TP 
.BI \-t 
Show the temperature
.TP 
.BI \-w
Enter the WOEID, only necessary if automatic detection fails. The WOEID is used by Yahoo to recognize the location.
.TP 
.TP 
The command to change the wallpaper, the directories for the random\-mode, the WOEID and the city to check the weather by default may be changed in the config.
.SH "FILES"
It uses a directory .izulu in home directory and /usr/share/izulu. To override the used images, save them in .izulu in the homedirectory with the name gen_sun, gen_cloud, gen_rain, gen_snow or gen_misc, which are also the images used if no specific image exists.
To use further distinct images, save them as:

sun: partly_sunny, mostly_sunny, clear

clouds: partly_cloudy, mostly_cloudy, cloudy, overcast

rain: chance_of_rain, light_rain, showers, rain

snow: sleet, snow_showers

misc: fog

Append "_night" to let them be used at night.

Options can be changed permanent if stored in .izulu/config.
.SH "AUTHOR"
This manual page was written by Malte Paskuda <MPaskuda@web.de>,
and may be used by others.
